Add Cortana in Teams Pshell topic files (#6234)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/Get-CsTeamsCortanaPolicy.md

---
external help file: Microsoft.Rtc.Management.Hosted.dll-help.xml 
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/skype/get-csteamscortanapolicy
applicable: Skype for Business Online
title: Get-CsTeamsCortanaPolicy
schema: 2.0.0
manager: amehta
author: akshbhat
ms.author: akshbhat
ms.reviewer:
---

# Get-CsTeamsCortanaPolicy

## SYNOPSIS
The CsTeamsCortanaPolicy cmdlets enable administrators to control settings for Cortana voice assistant in Microsoft Teams.

## SYNTAX

### Identity (Default)
```
Get-CsTeamsCortanaPolicy [-Tenant <System.Guid>] [[-Identity] <XdsIdentity>] [-LocalStore] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### Filter
```
Get-CsTeamsCortanaPolicy [-Tenant <System.Guid>] [-Filter <String>] [-LocalStore] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

> The CsTeamsCortanaPolicy cmdlets enable administrators to control settings for Cortana voice assistant in Microsoft Teams. Specifically, these specify if a user can use Cortana voice assistant in Microsoft Teams and Cortana invocation behavior via CortanaVoiceInvocationMode parameter -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CsTeamsCortanaPolicy cmdlets enable administrators to control settings for Cortana voice assistant in Microsoft Teams. Specifically, if a user can use Cortana voice assistant in Microsoft Teams and determines Cortana invocation behavior via CortanaVoiceInvocationMode parameter -

```

* Disabled - Cortana voice assistant is disabled
* PushToTalkUserOverride - Cortana voice assistant is enabled but without wake-word ("Hey Cortana") invocation
* WakeWordPushToTalkUserOverride - Cortana voice assistant is enabled with wake-word ("Hey Cortana") invocation on devices where wake-word is supported

## EXAMPLES

> ### Example 1

Reviewer 2: Can you provide an example of using the -Filter parameter?
